# productive-agriculture
A responsibility project for all humanity... #html #css #bootstrap #js #chart.js #php
Hello dear readers, 

Today, I would like to share a project with you that I have dreamed of for years. Anyone who may not be directly involved in agriculture but is able to think critically can easily understand that the most significant risk in agriculture, both for countries and farmers and indirectly for all of humanity, is the risk of uncertainty. Agriculture has been the main source of income for many people throughout most of human history. It is a difficult journey that requires patience and perseverance. At the same time, I believe that farmers should never be seen as traders looking to make a profit, because while people use various methods to make a living, very few of us choose this tough path that benefits our countries and humanity. Many of these individuals still face numerous challenges even after harvest. For example, one of the most prominent issues is the market-price struggle with people who, having nothing to contribute, only seek to exploit the economic difficulties of farmers because of their large capital. Additionally, farmers, even though they might have a general idea of what their local colleauges are producing, take a significant risk because there is no comprehensive data about what all farmers across the country are producing. If this software project steps in to create cooperation at this point, it will solve a century-old problem. Governments, landowners, and farmers will be able to know beforehand how many acres of land they will plant before sowing any crops, with an infrastructure accessible only to farmers. If implemented, this issue will largely be resolved. The scenario would unfold as follows: Initially, each farmer will be given a temporary username and password (which will be later changed depending on the general rules). Whatever they plant will be updated automatically in the system without any intervention. The farmer will then gain insight into how many acres of fruit and vegetable crops can be planted in the national agricultural land with the current expenditures, and what products can be grown in their specific region. They will also prefer crops that are less produced in their area, which are more suitable for their geography. As a result, better products will be harvested, and while some farmers plant the same crops,it will be prevented that some will sell them at a very low price, while others will sell them after harvesting at a higher price. This will prevent those with bad intentions from exploiting the limited products, hoarding them, and making unfair profits. Even though we will have a theoretical forecast of how many tons of products will be produced that year, some of it may be lost due to natural disasters. However, under normal conditions, I believe this method will become a historically effective solution. In an era where the issue of sustainability is felt more than ever, I am willing to offer this project to all of humanity free of charge. However, if this is done by me or anyone else individually, it will bring about many issues. For instance, in many countries, some malicious individuals may deceive the website owner with fake documents, claim that large quantities of certain products have been planted, and mislead farmers by planting nothing at all, upsetting the balance, and making unfair profits. If a state authority and a control mechanism are involved, the project will be much more meaningful and trustworthy. 

In 1938, a hypothesis called the "Cobweb Theorem" was introduced by economist Mordecai Ezekiel, who researched the reasons behind the fluctuations in potato prices. The hypothesis suggests that when prices are very low, the next cycle will see a shortage of production, causing prices to rise. With this project, I hope to prevent radical fluctuations in agricultural products and ensure that no product consumed by humanity, especially for children, falls into the "luxury" category.. This way, everyone will be able to access the products they want at affordable prices, regardless of their income. I believe this project will also significantly contribute to preventing unnecessary production, as well as the waste of energy and water. I would like to call on all responsible peoples, especially my colleagues, to advocate for its implementation in their own countries. To all conscientious and responsible global citizens who read this article or learn about the project, I urge you to help create public awareness to ensure its adoption in your countries as well. By doing so, we can not only prevent a dark future where no one, especially children, has access to the food and drink they desire, but also reduce the risks faced by many of our heroic farmers who are at the brink of being unable to continue farming due to bankruptcy. My project is in a position to largely solve the problem at a basic level, but of course it is open to making many improvements and updates as needed with a committee formed by the agriculture, economy, software developers and many experts of the relevant countries. 

  

Thank you very much for taking the time to read this. With my deepest respect, I would like to express my gratitude to you and ask for your understanding if there is a translation error as English is not my native language. 

Mehmet Cagri Yalcinkaya 
